Updating the documentation for `obfuscate` processor and fixing a issue in `opensearch` sink documentation. (#7251)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/obfuscate.md

| `source` | Yes | The source field to obfuscate. |
| `target` | No | The new field in which to store the obfuscated value. This leaves the original source field unchanged. When no `target` is provided, the source field updates with the obfuscated value. |
| `patterns` | No | A list of regex patterns that allow you to obfuscate specific parts of a field. Only parts that match the regex pattern will obfuscate. When not provided, the processor obfuscates the whole field. |

> | `single_word_only` | No | When set to `true`, a word boundary `\b` is added to the pattern, due to which obfuscation would be applied only to words that are standalone in the input text. By default, it is `false`, meaning obfuscation patterns are applied to all occurrences. Note - This parameter can be used in `Data Prepper 2.8` onwards|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `single_word_only` | No | When set to `true`, a word boundary `\b` is added to the pattern, which causes obfuscation to be applied only to words that are standalone in the input text. By default, it is `false`, meaning obfuscation patterns are applied to all occurrences. Can be used for Data Prepper 2.8 or greater.
```
